Update README.md (#104)
quarkusio/quarkus-images: modules/quarkus-native-binary-s2i-scripts/README.md

# [Quarkus.io](http://quarkus.io) GraalVM Native Binary S2i

> This s2i takes as input the executable binary you want to deploy into a minimal container. Unlike the `ubi-quarkus-native-s2i` it does not compile your application and build the native executable in OpenShift, rather it expects the native executable as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This s2i takes as input the native executable you want to deploy into a minimal container. Unlike the `ubi-quarkus-native-s2i` it does not compile your application and build the native executable in OpenShift, rather it expects the native executable as input.

Refer to [building native executable](https://quarkus.io/guides/building-native-image#producing-a-native-executable) to create the native executable used as input.

```
